Maria Patiño who has a
criminal trial on Tuesday for the complaint
filed against her by Antonio David for libel and
slander would have tried to contact
Marta Riesco so that she would speak against
Antonio David in that trial. The subject
of the trial that is going to be held between
Maria Patiño and Antonio David aj about
the posters remember that it is news
that I gave on Ana Rosa's program
a totally contrasted news where I
talked about the appearance of some posters
where Antonio David is libeled and accused of a
crime the news was that they had
appeared in
Antonio David's neighborhood the entire neighborhood covered in
posters also with muma the milk
because they were going all the way from
school to the girl